From Hansel minutes.com it's Hansel
minutes or weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman hosted by Carl Franklin. This
is Lawrence Ryan announcing show number
60 quoted Wednesday, April 18th, 2007. Support
for Hanselman it's as provided
by Tellerik already control the
most comprehensive suite of components
for windows forms and asp.net
web applications. online@wwwdottelerik.com. Support is
also provided by slash end
software red carpet subscriptions. The
most comprehensive solution for adding
connectivity to your.net and asp.net
application with components for every
major internet protocol online@wwwdotnsoftwaredotcomandby.net developers
journal the world's leading.net developer
magazine online at www dot
dot com. In this
episode, Scott and crawled discussed
silver light. Hi, this is
Carl Franklin. You're listening to Hansel
minutes from Hansel minutes.com. I'm
here with Scott Hanselman as
I am every week. Hi
Scott, how are you, sir?
Okay. Well, not every week,
once in a while I
go away, but anyway, this
show is about a silver
light, right? Silver light, the
return or the renaming, the
rebranding of WP Effie. And
this is a sort of
a making it right show
because there are 46 show
he did on WP Effie.
I guess you had some
comments on your blog about
it. Well, this was the,
that was the show when
I had had food poisoning,
like the day before I,
right now, I'm not necessarily
saying that it was the
bad teriyaki that caused the
show to be bad. But
I would say that of
the 60 shows we've done,
it was not the best
show and people in the,
in the comments on my
blog said so, and I
agree with them. You can
read the comments on my
blog about show 46 at
shrinks.com/oh three P okay, this
is show 60. So this
is a 14 better than
that show, right? We're going
to fix this. Okay. So,
so WPF fee, I was
a little confused last time
and I, I mixed up
some of my information between
WPF and WFE. So let's
talk about it. So now
it's called silver light and
it's going to be a,
a browser plugin. It's going
to support Firefox I E
and Safari. So we're talking
about Mac here, this going
to work on the Mac.
Now, before we had talked
about WPF and I mixed
things up a little bit,
but WPF, right, is the
managed presentation layer that you
can use to write applications
that run outside the browser
natively. Well, I wouldn't say
they're managed applications, but I
mean, they're not native applications.
They run in. That's a
good point, But they, they
run outside the browser, I
guess. That's. Yeah. So use
the terms outside of the
browser and inside the browser.
Good enough. Okay. So WPF
uses XAML X, a M
L. This is the markup.
That is a Microsoft's markup.
That's like a, you can
say things like canvas rectangles,
she can do shapes. And
it's basically a complete markup
for describing an interface, but
it also includes animation and
you can hook up events
to code behind. So it's,
it's a complete way of
describing a And interface, right?
It's like ASP net for
desktop applications. It's the way
I like to say it.
Okay. Yeah. You could, you
could say that. Yeah. It's
markup Exactly. Do you? I
markup and it's very deep.
There's a great book. Chris
sells. He's got a great
book. I'm not sure if
it's quite out yet. I've
been reading some previews of
it, but it's a it's
on XAML and also Charles
Petzold has got a book
on doing WPF. Oh, that's
gotta be good. Right. So
yeah, pet soul is, is
the man. I read his
book code. Just fantastic. Me
too. Yeah. Okay. So there's
a couple different ways you
can do this, right? You
can run desktop applications, just
run them, but WPF not
WPF. Right? You can do
click once and then you
can run things inside the
browser frame as an X
bap, X be a P.
This is like using what
I used to call. What
I used to do was
just called 'em active X
documents. We used to call
them VPs. So ex bap
is an actual managed application
with the full framework required
running inside the browser. Is
that what you're saying? Exactly.
So ex bap is WPF
running as the browser using
being its frame. Okay. Right
now, WP Effie. Now Silverlight
so Silverlight also reads XAML
Parsa. XAML at runtime render
XAML itself, but it is
its own XAML rendered Silverlight
is not WPF. Right? And
there's not, it's not managed
code. It is its own
demo parser. And it happens
to be a slightly smaller
subset of SAML. There are
things that you can do
in WPF that you can't
do. And to be PFE
Some of the framework functions
as well, haven't they? Oh,
well this is, this is
where it gets. Cause we
don't know this yet because
they're going to announce this
in mix. So I can
only refer to things that
I know on the net.
So I can only refer
to things that people have
said publicly. Well, I've heard
publicly that. Talk about that.
Yeah. I've actually listed all
the things you can say.
So I don't want to
speculate on mics because I'm
under NDA so I can
speak to what I know
on the net. So here's
some quotes on the net,
right? Yeah. And these are
the ones you're referring to.
So to my car, she's
one of the PM's on
silver light, a set on
his blog in March of
2006, he said, and I
quote, the WPF package will
contain a small cross-platform subset
of the CLR that run
C-sharp and vb.net. Yes. We
are bringing C-sharp programming to
the Mac. Yes. That's what
I've heard as well. Exactly.
Now Rory interviewed Scott goo.
Right? And he said, also,
this is interesting. Is there
any possibility of having the
framework that runs outside the
browser? And Scott said, well,
that's something that we're looking
into. We call it the
in-browser experience. And the outer
browser experience Rory then said,
well, is this secret? I
don't want to bring up
anything that is secret. Scott
said, no, that's not something
we've talked about publicly, but
it's something we're thinking about.
And he told Rory it
was okay to keep it
in his channel nine video.
And he didn't say Yes.
And he didn't say no.
And he also said, we'll
be talking about that at
mix. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Now,
if we look at the
links for this show, Paul Wilson
had a pretty good analysis
of this announcement@shrinkstir.com slash Oh
three R. And he pulled
these things together, including some
information by Joe Stegman. And
Joe segments said, we will
support small cross-platform CLR execution
engine that will run on
both windows. So it's a
different CLR, according to what
Joe Stegman is saying, right.
That it gives the impression
that you'll be doing your
development on windows and then
deploying it. And then the
runtime will, will work fine
on the Mac and on,
on the, on the PC.
So it's a tiny, tiny
cross-platform CLR. Well, this is
what I've heard about silver
light from the beginning, WPF
that there was going to
be a small subset of
the.net framework that will be
managed, that will run for
WPF applications. Right? It seems
that people are saying again,
publicly that there's the tiny
CLR and then a, you
know, chunks of the, of
the BCL that will be
available. The base class library
right now, where do you
fit this into your applications?
And this isn't something that
I think I got a
little confused about in the
last show. So it seems
to me that before I
had thought that one might
want to make a giant
Fullscreen Silverlight application and you
know, the way that people
use a lot of the
Adobe flex applications. Like if
you go to, if you
go to maps.yahoo.com, that is
all flash. Now it's a
big, giant flex application, Adobe
flash flex, which is pretty
cool. You should check out
maps.yahoo.com one Adobe or Macromedia,
I guess even before that
had the flash player, which
ran outside the browser. Yeah.
I remember that exactly. Now
we'll talk about that and
what it means with Apollo.
Cause we're going to be
juxtaposing in, in a browser
and out a browser. So
let's get back to silver
light, right? So Silverlight is
a, is going to be
a plugin that lets you
bring XAML parsing, you know,
a richer parsing and richer
experience than HTML into the
browser, PC and Mac Firefox
Safari. Now the cool part
and the part I didn't
quite figure out last show
or show 46 was that
every single element of XAML,
it can be manipulated using
JavaScript as if it were
just another piece of DHT,
Mel, right? So it's almost
like an extended Dom. You
can reach into this silver
light application and you can
create this XAML dynamically. So
there's a couple of ways
you can get XAML into
this. You can have it
directly on your HTML pages,
like an embedded piece of
XAML like an Island of
SAML. You can have it
come in as a file,
like JavaScript source equal. You
can have the Zam will
come in externally. And the
thing that is generating externally
could actually be creating it.
It could be a static
piece of XAML on the,
on the file system, on
being served by the Brom,
by the server, or you
could have an ASP X
page or a, a, an
HTP handler dynamically generating XAML.
So the creation of XAML
can be done on the
server side. On the client
side, you could have JavaScript
that creates SAML. There's some
good samples up at the
Silverlight SDK that show you
how to on the client
side, retrieve RSS, parse it
and dynamically generate XAML and
inserted into a Silverlight instance.
All in the browser. Now
this use of JavaScript has,
has confused some folks because
a there's a gentleman named
Ted who has a blog
called Ted on flex. He
is a flash evangelists, just
like Microsoft has evangelists, sodas,
Adobe his stuff is@ashrinkstir.com slash
Oh three. You and he
has a, a post about
Silverlight versus flash. And in
that he says that, and
this is a quote he
says, seeing as the CLR
didn't make version one, Oh,
this is a dead loser,
depending on JavaScript to power
Silverlight is a big mistake.
It severely limits high end
potential. Now I can understand
why it's confusing because I
have a feeling that it's
going to take awhile for
this to kind of sink
in what Silverlight is trying
to accomplish. But what I,
what I seem to understand,
what I, what I have
gleaned is that using JavaScript
to interact with Silverlight is
expected in an Ajax application
where you've inserted silver light
as an active part of
the page. But given that
we're gleaning that we're going
to have a CLR running
inside here, a running inside
a silver light instance. They're
not going to be using
JavaScript to power it, but
rather to automate it as
appropriate. So there's going to
be some kind of interesting
design and architectural decisions to
figure out what you're going
to write in C sharp
and what you're going to
write in JavaScript. You know,
the thing that comes to
mind immediately is that there
are more parts to this
than a single simple SWF
file. You know, that's a
really, really good point because
what they're doing is providing
a, a, a thing to
bring together all of the
different pieces that one might
want to use in a
really active application. Like if
you'd like to feel like
if you look at the,
the architecture overview that understand
page is the Silverlight SDK,
is that shrink store slash
Oh four one. And the
architectural overview is at shrink
stir slash Oh four two.
They have this notion of
a content package. This is
one other way that you
could bring an active application
down. So there's, XAML, there's
JavaScript, there's images, potentially some
embedded fonts and then media
like a w a WMF
like a windows media file.
So what you just said
is exactly right. There's, there's
all of your assets that
you might want to use
in an Epic and active
application that can be potentially
packaged up and sent down,
including some information from streaming
media sources. What, how do
you crew, how, I mean,
I'm understanding WPF is created
with, you know, with the
expression blend and all of
this stuff. Do you see
expression blend being able to
create WPF E Absolutely. That's
exactly what they expect you
to do. I see you're
going to, or you can
write them in any number
of applications because the idea
of file save as XAML
is going to be integrated
and more and more design
applications. XAML, I mean, it's
the, the code behind it.
I mean, when you're talking
to WPF fee, where's, you
know, the code is on
the client when you're talking
WPF, it's sort of, you
know, With both of them
as a developer, you're going
to use visual studio and
you're going to use it.
It's in with, with the
expression kind of family of
products. It depends on what
you're trying to accomplish. Right.
You might be using blend
to do Effie or WPF
you might be using, is
it expression designed to actually
create an asset? Yeah. Well,
I mean, what you just
said there, I can't imagine
using visual studio to create
a non-managed any, any kind
of code assembly, Visual studio
has better JavaScript, debugging than
people give it credit for.
Yeah. And of course, with
all of these stuff, like
the IP development toolbar and
Firefox debugging stuff, like Firebug,
you know, JavaScript is becoming
a whole programming world of
its own and the browser
is the IDE. So it
may feel a little fragmented
initially because you're dealing with
a lot of different little
text files and such, but
those text files can be
generated by a number of
different tools. You can use
the WPF plugins for visual
studio to do the editing.
As long as you only
use the subset of XAML,
that Silverlight supports, you can
use asp.net. You can do,
you know, and there's nothing
about asp.net required for, for
several lights. Certainly we're hoping
that people will use this
wherever they want to. Now,
one of the things that's
significant about Silverlight is that
we're talking about windows, media
support and codec support on
the Mac. So they're also
kind of promoting windows media
a little bit more. I
think that just as video
has the, the killer app
for, for flash, with YouTube,
I think that they're hoping
the same thing for silver
light and being able to
have much better codec support
on the Mac is going
to be better. Also, they're
going to have high definition
support for a seven 20
P depending on your CPU.
So that's going to be
pretty cool. No, I'm looking
at the microsoft.com/silverlight page. And
there's a video there that
you can play in. My
first thought was, huh? That's
funny. They're going to have
a flash video to show
Silverlight, but then I clicked
play video and it installed
silver. Yeah. If you, if
you, if you right click
and do a view source,
you can see on the,
on the load there, they
say news Silverlight player, Right?
So, so we're actually watching
a, you know, a lightweight
video Allah flash stream through
this web browser using their
technology. We're not using flash
stream. They're, there's, they're streaming
a WMV, right? This issue
about a flash versus Silverlight
is a, is a contentious
one. I mean, I'm a
Microsoft developer and they've kind
of paid my mortgage for
a number of years, but
I don't want to be
considered a religious zealot. So,
I mean, I'm excited about
silver light, but at the
same time, you have to
ask yourself why aren't more
developers using flash and flex
good point. There's a guy
named Graham Harker. Who's got
a great flex.net blog. And
he asked that question, why
don't more developers use flex?
And I think that it's,
it's part of the, I
would agree with him that
it's, it's, it's part about
this good developer network. I
mean, Microsoft has done a
fine job of releasing just
a ridiculous amount of information
on MSDN and they're MSDN,
universal subscriptions are really, you
know, what, what, it's all
about the fact that they,
they released expression as part
of, or parts of the
expression suite rather to MSDN
subscribers just makes it so
easy because how does a
developer try to get support
for doing something on IFE?
Well, I'm going to go
and download it from my
MSDN subscription, do a prototype,
and I'm going to show
my boss, right? So it's
gotta be just that easy
as well to go and
do the same thing. Right?
So Adobe has a similar
network called the enterprise developer
network, and they're getting a
lot better to woo, a
wooing, the.net developers. You can
go to flex.org and they've
got a whole bunch of
information up there about how
you can talk to a
talk to flex with.net, how
you can get, get onto
their developer network. And they're,
they're doing a much better
job of opening it up,
you know, early versions of
flex required the flex server,
but now the flex two
stuff, you don't need to
have an Adobe server on
the back end. You can
have.net pulling out web services.
Like there's a really great
tutorial on Graham site where
he creates a little.page that
returns some XML and makes
a, a, a dynamic flash
chart using their, their stuff
it's called M X, M
L. So Microsoft has XAML
and Adobe has their MXML.
And it's really simple. I
mean, it's like MX call
an application, you set some
colors, point it to a
service, and you say, MX
call colon line chart. And
in like 15 lines, he's
got a dynamic flash chart.
It's way easier than I
remember doing making Swift files
back in the day. But
the real question is how
are they going to be
able to woo the developers?
Because they've got 97%, 98%
penetration. I mean, that's how
many internet enabled PCs have
flash on it. It's ridiculous.
Ridiculous. And how many have
Silverlight right? Zero. How many
have Java? 87% of jobs,
Right? You don't see any,
it's funny that Java is
completely out of this conversation.
I mean, That's a good
point. It is because people
started to fear it, right?
I mean, you ever get
that, that kind of pause
as you visit a page
that has Java on it.
No. Yeah. You gotta go,
Oh no, you know, everything's
gonna fall apart now because
I've just reached a play
with Joe. Now the problem
with flash is that people
associate it with banner ads
and they associate it with
flashy things. Right? So candy,
I think that there's largely
a perception issue with managing
flash. And then there's also
a little bit of that
confusion between what was flash,
what was shockwave, you know,
early on, I was very
confused about their shockwave and
all the three D stuff
and the games you can
do in shockwave. And that
was a big download. It
was like four or five
megs. And then flash is
just tiny, tiny, tiny, and
it exists everywhere already. So
there's definitely gonna be a,
it's be interesting to see
how Microsoft pushes out this
runtime right now. They're saying
the runtimes going to be
about a megabyte, maybe a
megabyte and a half on
windows, and then a little
bit bigger on the Mac
because the Mac has the,
both the power PC and
the Intel chips, right. So
they have a universal binary
format. So the Mac version
is a little bigger, but
once it comes down, it's,
you know, it's just like
flash. The question is, you
know, how few clicks can
they get it down to?
And then what's the security
story going to be like,
Hey, did you see key
Felder's response to a Rorion
Scott's video? That's that does
shrink stir.com/oh three Z. Yeah.
Yeah. He takes it all
the way to the iPhone
in speculation. Yeah. Now he's
speculating that this could potentially
go to a mobile device,
right. That, you know, if
WP IFE is only a
megabyte and it's a little
tiny CLR, again, you could
get, he calls it mobile
eye candy, you know, and
this, this brings into question
kind of the whole CLR
ecosystem. Now we've got suddenly,
we've had maybe two CLRs
on the, on the desktop,
you know, we've got WPF,
VM, excuse me again, silver
light. So it's going to
take a while for me
to get used to that
still. So we've got Dottin
at three O and then
we've got this tiny runtime,
this tiny thing, and then
also on the Mac now,
but then on the mobile
device, which he's totally speculating,
we've also, we've already got
the compact framework. So it'll
be interesting to see, you
know, which frameworks survive, you
know, have they, have they
written a better framework? Yeah.
Everybody thought show 46 was
confusing. I'm just as confused
today as I was, then
it's a shame. Let's, let's
try that. Let's try Review,
because I'm feeling this is
a little bit spastic and
we still haven't gotten to
talk with me. The fact
is, is that there still
a lot? We don't know,
you know? Well, yeah. And
we're going to find that
at mix, right? Rory and
I filmed a number of
videos for mics that we
should release on channel nine
soon. And I know that
there's going to be stuff
at mix that no one
has. No one knows, no
matter, no matter how much
speculation there is. Right. Richard
and I are going to
be interviewing Brad Abrams during
that same week of the
mix. So we're going to
pick his brain about everything
they're announcing there too. Right.
And I'm going to talk
to Scott Guthrie while I'm down
there as well. So we're,
we're covering it folks. Oh,
it's covered. So let's, let's
try to restart a review
here for a second. Okay.
So WPF, the windows presentation
foundation would be the rich
XAML based replacement for GDI
that runs outside the browser
and requires dotnet three Oh
on Vista runs on XP.
Yep. Okay. WP IFE now
called Silverlight Silverlight is a
tiny about one Meg unmanaged
plugin for browsers it'll run
on Firefox and Safari. So
far they've announced support for
Mac they've announced support for
windows. They're saying they're going
to take it back to
windows 2000, but I don't
know. It'll at least work
on XP and Vista. Nothing
about Linux, huh? Nothing yet
about Linux. I don't know.
But if you remember that
the Mac is Linux. Well,
I, yeah, that's a free
Unix free BSD based. Right?
So The fact that they
got to work in the
Mac is, is, is a
good sign. That's a very
good at the same time.
There's so many flavors of
Lennox and there's so many
different browsers. So it would
be which one do they
do? Would they do a
boon to be true? The
Boone to ensues, which you
know, which brother That's one
of Lennox's big problems. So
back to the review, So
you can embed your Z,
X years AML on HTML
pages, you can fit a
silver light object kind of
seamlessly into an existing asp.net
and an Ajax application. I
don't think it's fair to
say that Silverlight would replace
your application rather. They would
augment it. If you wanted
to add a bit of
activeness to your, to your
site, right? Active charts, active
graphs, new kinds of visualizations,
video, stuff like that, right.
You're going to be using
the tools that you already
use. JavaScript, Ajax, asp.net, or
whatever markup you're used to
using. There's every reason to
believe that it will be
a subset, just like pocket
PC is a subset where
as a, the stuff that's
implemented is backward compatible. Right?
I have a feeling that
people who know C-sharp and
vb.net will find their investments
to be safe. They will.
Okay. Now on, on the,
just, you know, we, we
haven't given them fair time.
We should probably actually interview
a flex guy. We should
actually have someone who knows
flex, give me a call
and we'll, we'll do a
whole show on flex. Right.
And then we gotta talk
about Apollo. Okay. So flex
of course, ha is, is
the flash flex is Adobe's
plugin. Of course they have
98% penetration while Silverlight has
zero people. Often call server
light, the flash killer. We
don't know if that's fair
or not, but it's clearly
getting right into their space.
I think that there is
some really compelling reasons to
take a look at flash.
And I think ubiquity, especially
for public websites is one
of them. I think that
Adobe does kind of a
mediocre job of making.net developers
aware of this stuff, but
that's kind of the job
of the evangelists to spread
the word. I think that
gram site is a good
start. Ted on flex has
a lot of information about
this. Now Apollo Apollo is,
and we've got a link
to that up on the,
on the, the site it's
at shrink stir.com/oh three X.
We've got lots of links.
We haven't mentioned that are
up there. So be sure
to check it out. We've
got screencasts of how to
develop stuff in flex. So
I want to make sure,
you know, again, we're not
able to give Adobe fulltime
on this particular show, but
we'll do a show in
the future. So Apollo is
the out of the browser,
like you referred to flash
player back in the day,
right? This is kind of
like flash player plus plus
plus that's across operating system
runtime for Adobe. So we're
going to work on windows.
And again, on, on Mac,
they're saying it's going to
come out second half of
2007. It's going to work
on Vista and XP service
pack two to work on
both versions of Mac power,
PC and Intel. They're going
to have a support for
a flex flash HTML support
to talk to the file
system so they can have
a security model, JavaScript support.
They're going to have a
partially implemented native windowing API.
So these applications could potentially
look a lot like windows
apps and, and behave like
them, but they will be
running in their own process
space. You can actually go
up and get their alpha
and run a Apollo applications.
Now on the version that
I used, you're sitting in
your browser and you see
a dot air, a I
R extension, and you click
on it. And then it
leaps out into the browser,
almost like a click once
experience out into Apollo. They're
also saying that for one,
Oh, they're going to have
support for PDF and a
transparency and some different kinds
of cool things like that.
Cool. The Apollo runtime they're
saying is going to be
between five and nine megs.
This is from the Apollo
facts. Okay. And then you
can just use HTML JavaScript,
or you can use all
the flex flash and stuff.
So it's, it's a very
similar environment. It's almost like
a Paulo is, is bringing
flood. They're trying to bring
flash as a, as a,
as a complete runtime. Right.
You know, I mean, it's,
it's small O S a
yeah. It's, it's actually getting
more into Java's VM space,
just going to say a
little bit more than it
is getting into a, into
WPF space. Okay. So I
think we pretty much righted
the wrongs and covered the
cross, the cross, the T's
and dotted the I's And
certainly brought up another, another
of new questions that fuse
folks, we've got a whole
pile of links to this
kind of stuff. Right. I
hope we did a decent
job of explaining kind of
how this fits in. I
know that I feel a
little less confused because I
understand now how I would
add support for silver light
into my existing applications. Right.
But I also need to
spend more time looking at
flash and, and weighing the
pros and cons. Cause all
I really want to do
is give a rich experience
to my users and I
want to do it in
the easiest possible way. You
know, 97% penetration or 98%
penetration for flash is pretty
compelling. But a one Meg
download is for, for some
applications is, is reasonable. Especially
if it doesn't require any
existing runtime. Let me say
this before we go. Just
looking at the February CTP
of Silverlight still called WPP
at the time I just
ran a Silverlight sample and
I loaded up sysinternals process
Explorer just to kind of
look inside to see what's
happening. Cause I want to
see what DLLs get loaded.
Exactly. And the WPF stuff.
It's only loading for DLLs
on the version that I've
got. They're all unmanaged. Currently
those DLLs have named like
AIG core and AIG codec
and AGC T R lag
control. Those are the tiny
little DLLs totally unmanaged code.
I kind of tried to
reflect into them. I called,
I used a tool called
dump bin comes with a
windows SDK, you go dump
in slash dependence. You can
basically ask these portable executable
is you can say, what
dependencies do you have? Right.
One of the things you
want to find out when
you're bringing something onto your
system is what do you
need to have? So I
ran dumping on each of
these things and it's interesting.
Most of them have just
the basic dependencies, you know,
the C runtime GDI 32.
The only one that was
particularly interesting. The only interesting
dependency that I thought was
that they depended on direct
sound. So D sound dot
DLL is in there, but
all the other things are
just the usual suspects, shell
32, Colonel 32 when I
net stuff. So it's very,
very tight unmanaged code. Yeah.
Here's that they've squeezed a
great deal of functionality into,
you know, a mega two
and the dependencies that they
have on external things are
very minimal. I, again, I'm
totally speculating here, but it
feels to me like since
they have so few dependencies,
the compatibility and the chances
that this will work on
everyone's machine without, you know,
a lot of versioning problems
of the underlying DLLs, it
sounds pretty good. Yeah. Again,
total speculation based on one
running of dump in, but
I encourage folks to do
that kind of, you know,
spelunking as they learn about
this new technology. All right.
Scott and well, everybody be
listening around April 30th that week
around mics for, for the
real scoop, just straight from
the horses mouth from one
end on Hansel minutes from
the other on.net rocks. We'll
get to the bottom of
this and I'm sure it's
going to be good news
and Scott, that's a show.
Good deal. All right. Thanks
again. And we'll see you
next week on Hanselman.